# Best Soundbar Under 200

## Looking for Soundbar with Wireless Subwoofer? Try this one!

When you have dreamed of a great home theater, you don't need to buy many speakers to feel the difference in your theater room. You want to have big bass, you may want to have great sound with no crash. Some people usually choose to buy bass and treble separately, it is not effective as you need to install and set the amplifier with complicated setting too. Some people may not be able to set correctly so they cannot feel the big bass and treble at the right balance. One of the best ways to get perfect sound in your home is by installing the best soundbar.

What is that? It is new technology in a sound system where you don't need to have big space and complicated setting, you just need the bar and it is slim. To get perfect surrounding sound, the soundbar could be the best answer for your home. There have been so many products you can choose, but there is just a few best soundbar. One of the best products is Vizio SB3821-C6 38, A [best soundbar under 200](https://theproductanalyst.com/best-soundbar-under-200/) with Wireless Subwoofer. To make great consideration, here is our review to help you to decide.

You may expect clear sound with great bass and treble balance. This Vizio Soundbar comes with great sound production which you can get the power output like 100dB. It may be the greatest output you have seen for your house. It has been common in Soundbar technology where the output is around 100 dB. Some people say that the sound produced by Vizio is beyond expectation as it may be not familiar with speaker competition, but again Vizio may have proven that new brand with the affordable price does not always come with the bad quality of sound even it could be one of the best soundbars. We all know that it is not easy to find, but Vizio proves that affordable Soundbar can give great quality too. 

The subwoofer of this Soundbar is wireless so you can move around the subwoofer no matter where you like to put it because you don’t need to worry about it. Just take it wherever you are as long as the distance is still in the limit distance given by the manufacturer. The connectivity of this Vizio Soundbar is Bluetooth. You can connect to your TV or even Smartphone if you need it. There are still lots of features that you cannot deny. That is why you need to look up it Amazon and read the customer reviews that can help you to be sure about this best soundbar. 
